# 0.1.4.0

If you're using paper and you're using a version below 1.21.4 you will need to use the Bukkit Core version of TNE. This may be updated in the future.

## Major Changes

- Urgent exploit patch for item currencies.

### Item Library and Currency Upgrades

- TNIL upgrades, which grants access to many new functions for item currencies including:
    - Support for modern item functionality(max item stack, new custom item model data)
    - Support for the following custom item plugin platforms as currency easily: SlimeFun, Nexo(Paper Only),
      Nova(Paper Only), Oraxen(Paper Only), ItemsAdder
    - Support for setting a max stack size on items
    - Support for customizing what checks are performed on item currencies to allow a more or less
      strict experience.
- Denomination file has changed to allow easier integration with plugins like slimefun, nexo, etc

### Smarter Placeholders

All the placeholders have been revamped from the ground up to provide better placeholder
functionality, and to align
the code to the modular cross-platform philosophy of TNE.

- Added placeholder support for Sponge Servers
- Transaction Placeholders requires config Core.PlaceholderTransactions to be true
- Full list of placeholders can be found
  here: https://github.com/TheNewEconomy/EconomyCore/blob/main/placeholdersrevamp.md.

### Smart Amount Parsing for Commands

It allows taking different amount formatting and transferring it into amounts for money commands in
TNE. It can also parse the currency you want to use based on the symbol used.

#### What formats are supported:

- Scientific notation(1e10)
- Roman Numerals
- Random( random(1-6))
- Shorthand(1k)
- Combination of symbol and roman numeral

#### What Commands support Smart Amount Parsing?

- givemoney
- givebal
- giveallmoney
- giveallbal
- givenote
- +note
- addnote
- pay
- setmoney
- setbal
- takebal
- takemoney
- money take
- money deposit
- money give
- money giveall
- money givenote
- money note
- money pay
- money request
- money setall
- money take
- money withdraw

#### Key Word Amount

Some commands support key word amount parsing.

The words supported:

- all
- inv/inventory

Commands Supported:

- money deposit
- money note
- money pay
- money take
- money withdraw

## Minor Changes

- Added a Placeholder rule to the CurrencyFormatter to parse placeholders
- Added <denom.denom> name rules which are alternatives to the material rules.
- Added missing translations for GUI icons
- Added ability to prevent crafting using item currencies.
    - The new node is Item.BlockCrafting
- Added ability to enable/disable Shulkers and Bundles for item currencies per currency.
    - The new node is Item.Shulker/Item.Bundle

## Internals

- Added internal parsing system that can parse a variety of strings into numeric values and
  currencies
    - i.e. $10 will return the currency and numeric value of 10 which will assist with money-related
      commands
    - supported formats: shorthand, roman numerals, random values, fractions and even a mix of the
      different formats
- Rearranged internals to split up loading in order to allow for custom currency loaders/saves.
  - This also enables better stability and compatibility for other plugins.
- Rearranged internals to allow callbacks to be registered during the onLoad phase.

## Fixes

- Fixed issue with minor.display being replaced in formats.
- Fixed issue with folia build not loading properly due to command issues.
- Fixed issue where mybal showed the incorrect currency format.
- Fixed issue when attempting to load a receipt file without the id field.
- Fixed issue where minor denomination weights weren't being recognized in some environments.
- Fixed issue where other languages weren't loaded properly inside TNE
- Fixed issue with renaming town accounts on vault unlocked(reported and tested by darksaid98)
- Fixed issue with shulkers getting renamed when taking/adding item currencies(reported by Quantura
  and tested by georgeorwells1984)
- Fixes for TNML
- Fixes related to the languages beyond default not being loaded for TNE
- Fix issue with click text for /money request command.
- Fix issue with currency files saving a duplicate one in a different file in some cases.
- Fix issue where accounts were loaded twice in some cases during startup.
- Fix issue where currencies were saved during loading twice.

## Known Issues
- Transaction commands are kinda lame, and will be improved in the future.
- Need some form of currency commands for reloading/deleting currencies.
- Revamping the internals of the money calculations for items.