# 0.1.3.0

## Major Changes
- Added support for VaultUnlocked
- Added support for 1.21
- Currency Editor/Creator
  - Allows server owners/admins to modify, and create currencies and denominations.
  - In the future this will allow for any configuration to be modified through the menu
- MyBal Menu
  - Allows for players to check balances and perform actions
- Switched to BoostedYAML for configurations
  - This will allow for auto-updating configs when a change is implemented in future versions.
- Transaction logging reimplemented
  - This allows logging previous transactions and keeping track of what exactly happened when.

## Minor Changes
- Remove sysout statements that were left in for debugging.
- Added config option to currencies for filling ender chest before dropping items on ground if inventory is full.
- Added messages to messages.yml for currency dropping on ground/going into ender chest if main inventory is full.
- Added a new config node, DisabledRegions, which allows server owners to disable economy commands in specific regions.
- Added /money givenote aka /givenote, which lets administrators create money notes for players.
- Added the ability to add an alternative name for worlds in world messages.
  - This is in Messages.yml under Messages.Worlds.* and the format is world name: "replacement"

## Internals
- Added CurrencyDropCallback for developers to listen and disable currency item drops.
- Fixed issue with TNIL and SemVer throw an error because the type was left on Strict vs loose
- Removed Treasury Support due to lack of progress/VaultUnlocked support addition.

## Fixes
- Fixed UpdateChecker.
- Fixed issue with restricted transaction check causing issue for opped players.
- Fixed issues with Bungee/Velocity from incorrect jar version on spigot page.
- Fixed issue with namespace key not being present for crafting recipes.
- Fixed issue where money notes when claimed in stack took all notes instead of 1

## Notes

- Going forward(post 0.1.3.0 full release), the target version for TNE will be 1.19+, supporting legacy servers will be limited to bug fixes.

## TODO

## In-Progress
- Mod items

## Not Wishlist, but nice if included
- Initial Setup Process

## Features that are still on the TODO list
- Skull support for note/currency