# 0.1.2.6
- Added replacements for /money for each balance type.
  - $inventory
  - $ender
  - $virtual
- Added placeholders for each balance type:
  - %tne_balance:inventory%
  - %tne_balance:ender%
  - %tne_balance:virtual%
- Added support for placeholders in messages.yml translations
- Added parsing support for custom decimals in command parameters.
- Added extensive messaging for currency loading
  - This should show the end-user when they have misconfigured a currency.
  - This will also show a message when the folder associated isn't found.
- Updated TNML to 1.5.0.0 in order to start work on the menu system for TNE.

Internals
- Added more serialization classes for various TNE objects. These will provide an interface for converting TNE objects to JSON strings and back to the object from JSON
- This will allow for some cool additions in the future for official modules, as well as, allowing for third-party plugins to take advantage for their own use.
  - Current supported types:
    - Currency
    - Denomination
    - Note
    - TaxEntry
    - Holdings
    - Account
- Updated to the latest version of TNML.
  - The latest version of TNML gives stability and will allow for menus to be added into TNE now.

API
- Added shorthand methods for ease-of-use for developers that don't need to utilize the transaction system.
  - setHoldings
  - getHoldings
  - addHoldings
  - removeHoldings
  - hasHoldings
- Added methods for adding objects to the stand TNE ones
  - addBalanceFormatRule - Adds a rule for the currency formatter, which may be used in the Format configuration
  - addCurrency - Adds a new currency to use with TNE
  - addCurrencyType - Adds a new currency type which may be used by the end user. This may also be used to override current ones such as virtual, item, etc
  - addAccountStatus - Adds a new account status. This may be used to extend the current statuses for something such as a bank status.
  - addAccountType - Adds a new SharedAccountType. This allows adding custom account types for things such as Factions, Lands, etc.

Fixes
- Fixed issue where empty entries in the enchantments/flags fields for currency notes would cause issues.
- Fixed issue where Essentials would send an OfflinePlayer with a null name
- Removed module download functionality from Sponge as requested by Sponge staff
- Fixed issue where /money wasn't displaying for multi-currency correctly.