# 0.1.3.2

## Major Changes
- Added secret addition that some servers may find useful.

## Minor Changes
- Added new currency type, experience-level, which uses experience levels instead of experience itself.
- Added message that is sent when currencies are saved from menu.
- Added message that is sent when MyECO is closed, but currencies weren't saved.
- Added configuration to currencies that will determine if the currency is shown in balance commands.
- Added new permissions to shared accounts; TRANSFER_OWNERSHIP and DELETE
- Added ability for messages from some money commands to be sent to players on different servers through bungee/redis/velocity

## Internals
- Various improvements to the module system
  - Added the ability to require a specific TNE version
  - Made it so commands are actually loaded properly
  - Made it so callbacks are actually loaded/registered properly

## Fixes
- Fixed issue with Folia build that got messed up when implementing Components
- Removed luck perms context class completely since it was unused.
- Fixed issue with bundles not removing item currencies properly
- Fixed issue with PotionData on 1.21 servers since spigot changed an API method from NotNull to Nullable...
- Fixed issue with Banners on 1.21 servers, same as above.
- Fixed issue with callbacks not being called.
- Fixed issue with towny/factions accounts not being added.
- Fixed incorrect message being sent for Insufficient funds.

## Notes
- Bad API Design from Spigot/Paper: "changing an API method from NotNull to Nullable..."

## TODO

## In-Progress
- Initial Setup Process
- Skull support for note/currency

## Not Wishlist, but nice if included

## Features that are still on the TODO list