# Beta 1.2 (0.1.2.0)

## Summary

With TNE Beta 1.2, TNE is going back to its roots. This means providing you, the server owner, with the economy
experience that you deserve, and the features and ease-of-use that you expect. The TNE experience has been slacking, and
for that I apologize, but it's time to kick TNE back into shape and get your economy solution back to Platinum Standard. 
With this release I have implemented the majority of the ease-of-use features that you, the owners and users, have
requested. Start experiencing the ultimate economy experience!

## Features

With Beta 1.2 comes some feature additions.

- Added support for Geyser players.
- Added support for MiniMessage
  - The good news for TNE users is this was already the general format being used for message configurations, but now it
  has additional functionality. https://docs.adventure.kyori.net/minimessage/format.html
- Menus Galore!
  - Added a currency editor menu
  - Added a MyBAL menu
    - Users may do everything from convert their currency, to make notes, to pay other players from this menu!
  - Added a MySERVER menu, to help admins modify TNE settings
- Currency System changes
  - Added a new "Mixed" currency type.
    - This allows your users to have a virtual currency, but also be able to withdraw it into items
  - We now support offline payment using ender chests for item currencies!
  - Currencies are no longer case-sensitive(not sure why they were in the first place.)
  - Completely revamped the currency conversion system.
  - Say goodbye to tiers, say hello to denominations!
    - Denominations don't require a major/minor notation. This means you can make any form
    of denomination from 0.05 to 1.05 to 50!
- Added GroupRealms configuration setting to config.yml
  - Setting this to true would make world, world_nether and world_the_end share balances automatically.

## Internal

In Beta 1.2 a lot of the TNE internals have been rewritten from the ground up. This will help facilitate future updates
and help with making TNE even more efficient.

Specific Internal Changes:
- Rewrote TNE entirely from scratch
  - This rewrite was done to allow for easily added support to other platforms such as
  Sponge and Minestom
- Transaction System changes
  - The transaction system now has support for taxation built-in. This will allow
  modules/third-party plugins to utilize it.
- Command System has been switched to ACF
- TNE now uses "Regions" instead of "Worlds."
  - This is for future changes as the term "worlds" is too restrictive, in my opinion.
- Made all data-storable objects able to be serialized into JSON
  - This was done for the RESTAPI for TNE that is currently in progress.
  - This will allow for third-party applications to interact with TNE such as web-based
  and mobile device applications.

## Removed

Some TNE features have been removed in this release in order to help keep TNE innovating and evolving.

- Removed commands.yml
- Removed the UUID configuration from config.yml. Use online mode or a proxy.
- Removed the currency configurations from config.yml, use the currency directory.