# 0.1.4.1

## Overview Plan of Potential Changes
- Revamp calculations internals to be more efficient and more readable
- Revamp the support for currencies that don't require a decimal point
- Transaction tax overhaul
- Transaction logging overhaul
- Switch to gradle?
- Switch to JSpecify for nullability?
- admin commands + messages length #167

## Major Changes

## Minor Changes
- Added currency commands.
  - These are commands that use the currency identifiers to provide an easier way to interact with the currency.
  - These commands are an alternative to the /money commandset and allow players to use the commands without needing to specify the currency
  - Example: /gold pay notch 10 - will pay notch 10 of currency "gold."
  - This is able to be enabled/disabled in the currency config file.
- Added ability to configure max balance limits for each currency based off permission nodes.
  - If the account is not a player account, or the player has no nodes matching limits, the currency max balance is used.

Config example:
```
  #Ability to limit balances based on a player's permission
  Limit:

  Enabled: false

  #The permission nodes for each balance limit.
  #The key is the balance limit, the value is the permission node.
  Permissions:

      1000000: "tne.currency.usd.limit.1000000"
```

- Added loads of additional configurations for redis.

## Fixes
- Fixes issue with enderchest balances when using shulker boxes and /t deposit all
- Fixes incompatibility with MoDispenserMechanics since for some reason they use a fake player.
- Fixes issue with money parameters not being parsed correctly with currency symbol by adding quotes to the auto complete suggestions.
- Fixes issue with non-formatted version of placeholder: 'tne_accbalance'
- Fixes issue with formatting of non-default currencies through VaultUnlocked
- Fixes issue with towny-related accounts causing some DB sync errors(this requires a new dev build of towny too which they haven't released yet)
- Fixes issue with incorrect change calculation(thanks to Codah)